Normative claims are those that posit what is and is not valuable. Normative claims are underpinned by the fact in making them we have already supposed that there is something called good, the something called good is desirable, and what is desirable should be sought. So if the something called good is to be found anywhere but its own definition, it must be inherent or ascribed to an action, attitude, or thing. Since we don't innately perceive the good manifest in the world, we make normative statements that posit our potential identification of good so that we can analyze and argue them. I will make such a claim here and we will analyze it. My unsubstantiated normative claim is this: 'Things that are easy are good. Maximizing easiness means maximizing goodness. Those things that are less easy than others are not as good.' Now, we need to acquire a reason for why my claim is true or not true. To try to prove the claim, we must either do some infinite work or find a way to inductively say why my reasoning must be true, or at least why my reason is refutable but not refuted. On the flip-side, to disprove it we need just a single contradiction. In the case of my claim: 'laziness is good' I should attempt to knock out the foundations of my belief before I start applying it to real-world scenarios. I instantly run into the issue that if I were to believe that what is good is easy, and what is easiest is the best, and what is best should be pursued, then I should put absolutely no effort into the selection of my ethical system. Either I should not select a system, I should accept the first one that I think of, or I should randomly select a system. In any of these cases, the chance that I select an ethical system that does not contain this normative claim or even one that has no basis for normative claims at all exists, and because the chance exists, my normative claim might contradict itself. However, it is easily argued that choosing no ethical system is the easiest of all these options for the following reason: in order to randomly choose, or choose the system first encountered, effort is required either to collect and consider frameworks or to understand what ethical frameworks are enough so to be put into a position where you can choose one. In essence, no selection is our best selection because it has the fewest pre-requisites and requires absolutely no effort. If no selection is our best selection, the claim has contradicted itself. The claim requires the fact that it belongs to an ethical system that allows for normative statements, and lacking that it lacks what fundamentally defines it. Therefore the claim is false.